1. Inversion of Control. It manages object creation and it's life-time, and also injects dependencies to the class. The IoC container creates an object of the specified class and also injects all the dependency objects through a constructor, a property or a method at run time and disposes it at the appropriate time.
2. Therefore, IoC is also known as Dependency Injection (DI: Dependency Injection), which solves one of the main problems: the creation + configuration of components is separated from the use of components, and the IoC container is responsible for managing the life cycle of components.
3. Spring documentation strictly defines only two types of injection: constructor and setter injection. However, there are more ways to inject a dependency like a field injection, lookup method injection.
4. Constructor injection should be your go-to technique for clear, decoupled code. But it shouldn’t be the only tool in the toolbox. If a dependency is used in only one spot, method injection (covered below) might be a better choice.Constructor injection should be the main way that you do dependency injection. It’s simple: A class needs something and thus asks for it before it can even be constructed.
5. GET：The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET should only retrieve data; HEAD：The HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, but without the response body; POST：The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server; PUT：The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload; DELETE：The DELETE method deletes the specified resource; CONNECT：The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource; OPTIONS：The OPTIONS method describes the communication options for the target resource; TRACE：The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource; PATCH：The PATCH method applies partial modifications to a resource.
6. POST is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource. The data sent to the server with POST is stored in the request body of the HTTP request: POST /test/demo_form.php HTTP/1.1
Host: w3schools.com
name1=value1&name2=value2
PUT is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.The difference between POST and PUT is that PUT requests are idempotent. That is, calling the same PUT request multiple times will always produce the same result. In contrast, calling a POST request repeatedly have side effects of creating the same resource multiple times.
7. a URI or URN is like your name, and a URL is a specific subtype of URI that’s like your name combined with your address.
8. The @PathVariable annotation is used for data passed in the URI (e.g. RESTful web services) while @RequestParam is used to extract the data found in query parameters.
9. An HTTP status code is a server response to a browser's request. When you visit a website, your browser sends a request to the site's server, and the server then responds to the browser's request with a three-digit code: the HTTP status code.
